Biphasic sleep gang

Top of mt washington schabel proposal for escalator

cr 2032 movie, all voice sound effects

dream about moving/cleaning, everything is wet, water is everywhere, can't hear alicia properly

Gription

Ask georgia at club about privy bacteria

Titration hand sign: two okays holding tube and turning valve

turn off the fire

ablate your sould down to a pebble core

30 year old women are becoming rapidly infantilized, jen like mamas girl abby, april relatives like sorores.
Why? Evidence for zoomer guy gen y girl?

Trail mommy

Stauber: mama needs a little girl to hold her hair, what the hell is taking you

truncate common phrases, reparse and reinterpret results
also form wheel of fortune style overlaps and substitutions

cat hole fan vs privy enjoyer

it gives them a peace/piece of mind

midwestern girl, all you have to do is stay positive! Cut to bawling

Midwest attitude

Give ourselves some leadway

They sho' do feelin it

To heaten something

Sitting on the ground like that you're gonna get leaf ass

Lightest in the morning may be true symbolically/memetically

Papa has regained consciousness

Callerfaller for cauliflower

One or the other, pending on...

Time clock

I don't give a care

Subprime people

Than you've have

Taking a book out of your note

She's in one of the V states, don't ask me which one

No offense but I don't want to leave you with a lot of blisters
No offense but I want you to be happy

I feel like we're walking through alice in wonderland

The ice is slick as a dog

Christian LSD

Thinking fat thoughts to get pants to stay up

"she's albanian, so she can tough it out"

"he's got a touch of aspergers"

Cowboy hat beard guy says nothing until a single "that's too funny"

I'm one of those people who either licks their lips or grinds their teeth while I...

John muir once said that the most divine pleasure a man can hope to experience is pissing out of a hammock when it's 20 degrees.
He was right.

Stuffel bag

Don't want to lose battery charge power

Don't stop climbing:
No repetitive structure, probably 3 closely related parts
Intro guitar like pinball wizard
Chord changes half speed of breaking out
First section returns to tonic without a cadence, like airbag?
Vocal notes held long, at least at first
First section 1641?
Something like that with similar bass motion, root down down back up to root
First section similar to less hollow coldplay yellow vocal melody

The Red Dark

Categorize AT hikers
vagrants
go girls
oldies
brooklyners

Ad for new theater, it's just a window, shows include black people yelling, car noises

Black mirror inspired intro where phone is swung towards camera until it fills the frame as though being chloroformed to sleep or blindfolded

Camp was quiet by 8pm

Scientists call these "auditory hallucinations"

Natural forest for national forest

It's clearing up, so I think I'm on the upside end of it

If I were a woman I would carry a gelding knife

Free gelding knives for sexual self-defense

Do you know the song Imagine?
You look just like the guy who sings that

Took the first advantage for took the first opportunity

It can't rain fiat

b+e: Get secrets from your friends who were deployed in wars/worked for the government

neck thru, fretboard glued on and possibly thick, body has scrollsaw faceplate, scrollsaw midplate with channels, and solid backplate

Hammock camping in a thunderstorm: everyone should live one night of their lives completely at the mercy of the elements

KatahDone, overexplain the joke, parasocial implosion

Siren Says

Better to go flaccid than to pull out

Not a single black person on trail so far

Endorsing comedy: showing that you don't have to be deep, insightful, or all that funny to get a laugh out of a general audience

larry david x jerry seinfeld

toe thumb face

reason for the downfall of academic teams: the personalities that require a surrogate activity like envirothon are now satiated by things available online;
even if you get the right people their energy won't be funneled in the same way.
This is in part what happened to me

Phenomenal Ultra Extreme Anti-Friction Foot and Body Cream

cover march for the funeral of queen mary

That's how victims become victims, because trust is built

God created abortions for children with down syndrome

Peachy Clean

In the UP we get sasquatches

Trail n****s

Jeffuel

We could be overthrown, or worse, discovered

I have so much energy I could suck this thing off right now

Ms. Frizzle is a lesbian

Have a good enjoy

N**** you need to BFK. You know what that means? Be Fucking Quiet

b+e lyric: if nobody is watching you...

The whole east is gettin screwedad/scroodad

Most people would do it the cheap way.
You're doing it the smart way.

b+e lyric: when I'm stealing from the grocery store...

please shoplift responsibly

b+e lyric: When nobody is watching you, you can go/do anything you like

Diction is at the intersection of precision and concision

Too loud to say in the city

Inflation: the jews control it and the jews report it, just like the weather

the star of david is a time turner

toxic femininity and masculinity both exist, gay men have both, lesbians have neither

New mexico forced journaling is a precursor to AT blog

Next time won't be as worse

Bughole

That's how they did it at Woodstock, 1979

Nobody ever got anywhere without factoids

Ubrupt

That's a nice piece of item

Most retarded thing since sliced bread

How DOES he do it?!? Samuel Whitcomb Hyde

We will never knowingly disappoint you

Nice to meet you, I'm very interested in your culture

Cover Daniel

Digital Acceleration Lab

Thinking of you and your kind

Drug brand/common names:
Qulipta/atogepant
Tepezza/teprotumumab
Skyrizi/risankizumab
Dupixent/dupilumab

Assault musket

Trails: cbd, pcp, trt

Sanitize yourself with the help of a friend

If I had a nickel for every time somebody drank or smoked weed, I'd probably be attending the World Economic Forum

Whippersnippet

Cover redbone, outro with panduri, add a string each iteration

Filthaddlphia lyric: and I can't feel the sun

Spring beauts

Doorman metaframe with british narration expert explaining footage

Tids and bits

Stat mech of knots, entropic potential?
Friendship bonding, stat mec mh of kinesis, we have to move to a more intelligent strategy in the face of atomization

Wear skin tone band aids for black people

Jeff: "I'm not trying to sound homophobic or derogatory or anything, but Stephanie, you kinda look like a lesbian"

I wouldn't do that buddy, I have a self-defense license

Litmus wipes

Doorman: that's it, that right there, the face of the doorman

He has a good sense of awareness

Cheroquois Indians

Parasocial Will

Breathing down my ass

Filthadelphia lyrics: tower's coming down; footprints of/tracking blood on the ground; there's family of rats on the tracks

How do female dogs pee

Thank you for your stewardship

Men, women, what's the difference anymore?

Haggle at goodwill

Pickle rick acid tabs

Rejuvenate: Ketamine

b+e lyric: a fine for ... should be treated as a nominal fee

Nox ruit; sic semper tempore

Serve supplemented kraft mac and cheese in kraft cup on a plate

Some kind of kids menu gag, either you have to ask for it or someone at the table always gets it without asking

Produit sans rival

A little trickle is all it takes

N****sucka

All on my lonesome by myself

People's fears are usually not irrational, they're just very poorly calibrated

The ADL has officially declared norovirus risk to be "high as a fuckin kite"

Caffeine shits: caffeces

What do you call it when a fat bitch gets a colostomy? A Big Ass Bypass

after dark is beetle hour

Lil youth

spontaneous frighteningly, insanely loud bird call

germanic est ending from grimm after s, reinterpreted as thorn deletion when t thorn alternation became opaque

filth: ... crawling out of the pavement...

i hope you the best

how can we know what to expect if we don't know what to expect

summer split guitar distortion

cranial capacity race display but with penis size

terrible invictus recitation

janet monge bbc fic, moore hires big nigerian dudes to rape her

the grime you get from doing time

phigma bomicron kiota

"you can't get in the way of a man and his creampies"

"a place to sit for the apple festival"

i taped that thing as if it's going to afghanistan

jimmy jimmy eat my ass, jimmy jimmy smell my gas

actually let me do cross

cate blanchette x every female costar

ninja holding down bipolar son, starts praying to god, "that's not fair"

cover crispr cas9

cover sister golden hair

the reign of sun is over, now begins the reign of rain

cover very last day

violet petals lolling tongue ahegao

i have light vision

cover final countdown

spray bleach on hands and call poison control

"that's my favorite part of the day" for something that's not a time like underwear

sweet child o mine: mixolydian constipation

ancient greek time traveler shows up, we check his anal gape to see if he's the real deal

eau de mildieu

can i see your trail legs

practice cover chorus of the dope show

cover seinfeld theme and curb theme

black friday black pride day

for one month a year black people are important

22 year old shroomer

"time to review far out"

febreeze on timer, makes me want to buy things

i was having a really bad trip but [inanimate object] talked me through it

remnants of the night

obstical

doctor who theme overtone singing

cover boy named sue and other cash comedy

blm systemic racism thinking is subtly conspiratorial, flip the causality, that's why whites are in power

first cover say it to me now

practice cover breaking out

people for whom personal hygiene is difficult

practice cover goodbye moonmen

except for a few select elite few

fule for fuel

nick "enward" gurr

nsfgw not safe for government work(ers)

fuckold

doorbell plays extremely loud seinfeld theme

interview about pennmed, it's very important to us that the public figures we write about feel physically threatened

good ideas just keep flying out of him, like birds

cover most mysterious song

people will respeak to correct structural errors that did not yet affect the utterance

sure thing there mister bud

bug quiz, ask bugs about their intentions, he can't understand me he's too busy with his kinesis

check for shoe inhabitants

wonderwall roads are winding, and all the legal documents are binding

auloi fortunate light recorder

bug quiz: askin little guys big ideas

cover allentown

bottem

narcisco

financial wellness

people who have not shot either at all or ever

al-baniz, famous islamic philosopher

ballots are like standardized tests, ap exams. government scantron

just how much work and quality he put in...

overage

ribble trail

navy seal gold ticket kill osama

it's like I'm watching a dead man crawl

ben levin voice: i always wanted to have a big idea, but nobody ever let me

innovation is really just the practice of artfully breaking precedent

go into store, start taking items off the shelves and placing them in the trash can, say you are doing maintenance

abdomen abdomine ab, domine, ...

off the deep end of the gene pool

the world needs fewer short people

not every short person is a *short person*, you know? kind of like how not every black person is an african.

muppet christmas light as a feather scene, caption when you take a / a shit

skydive to infiltrate and give winston churchill a big wet kiss on the lips

cover all star or walking on the sun

night walk chorus include silver age poem, atom bomb locks in harmony? make line a hook

clean as a lima bean

wild asphalt

average penn student daily activities: metabolism and GPA kinesis

parents, please sew your children's mouths shut. children, please sew your parents' mouths shut. childfree millennials and grandparents are allowed to speak.

in any situation, you always have to ask yourself, who are the victims?

horror movie where single mother's son catches autism from internet, nah yeh

buckle your tights, this is gonna be one hell of a shindig

dream: asian kid with weird elastic "bear hang" on ground, single yellow stake line

the silver age could be described as many things... a terrorist cell...

try to take down queer venues, alicia doesn't like term etc, michael forced to come out, i don't feel welcome

fermi question: how many butterflies are killed by skeet shooters anually?

erodesion

by some cosmic device

what other excitements are making their way our way?

fuckleman

english, dutch, the netherlands...

do cows ever have anything other than diarrhoea?

filthadelphia: steam grates belching fumes from the tunnels below where the wastewater flows around
later changed to leaking air

"moving inexorably forward on legs weary from travel"

future pets: giant millipede, opossum?

underlying mythology of a coming collapse, give sneak previews

"back when people were allowed to make music"

old "italian" woman, unu mumentu

just because it was legal yesterday doesn't mean it's legal today

neutrigrain

misfortunate

don pepe

vegetarian for humanitarian reasons

both physically, emotionally, and mentally

autism spectrum video

so good so far

cover look what i did to my id

filthadelphia: some guy is climbing out

this is highly very racist

a very savory flavory

antalones en mi pantalones

parody oral history

overkill never killed anybody

Here at morsel’s, we are no-nonsense customer servers designed to provide you with the greatest experience possible. That’s right: we mean it.

It’s a gambler’s guess

We must always press forward, even if forward is backward

Crossword clue: monthly fee for a subscription to a periodical
Answer: waste

Inhale voice: excuse me sir may I please have the titty. I wan the titty

Grocery insurance, nutritionist says "that’s got some kick to it"

Cover otgw 80s, seasons in the sun

Some people just don’t have the chemical makeup in their brain to just go for a run

The motto of medicine: post hoc ergo propter hoc

Urban hunting

garner snake

mix up cavalry and calvary

cover the bidding, midget, we have the sneed, moonshine, prince ali (talkbox bass)

my toxic boyfriend manipulated me
a flood of my tears came and set me free
now i'm swimming out on the open sea
this is a water analogy
on the surface of the waves
i met an urchin's empty gaze
from below me he said, "put me inside your head
...
i don't like my boyfriend, he did mean things
he said he'd buy me a diamond ring
but cubic zircon was all he could swing
so i threw it where the dolphins sing
on the surface of the waves
i saw a seaman's boyish face
from beside me he said, "crawl on into my bed
...
bridge?
on the surface of the waves
i felt the good lord's shining rays
from above me he said, "civil union is dead

honestly ralph, i probably won't eat until dinnertime. i have a bar if i want it

you will very likely to notice...

if you have dietary restrictions, please add them to the dietary restrictions wall! crayons are available in the toy chest.

cover tunak tunak tun

here at morsel's elite, we are committed to deep luxury.

i am a wet little boy scout

and here's what we're going to talk about is...

when a public servant responsible for giving you what you need fails to do so in a timely manner, you should simply have faith and wait.

by analogy with = in the shadow of, analogical leveling = shadow creep

prepare to get ready!

oh noh noh noh!

the monoliths on easter island

color coated

i'm a used baby

silos are just vertical storage

silicone valley

arguing for bidets: if you had chocolate on your hands, would you just wipe it off?
No, I'd let the dog lick it off

sprigot for spigot

if i had a nickel for every time I heard somebody use "a couple" to mean more than two, I'd have a couple nickels

i was surprised and unexpected by...

you are an absolutely incorrigible little scrunt!

strap defendant into electric chair ahead of time, kill immediately if sentence is death

nina is a bit greasy, but she doesn't have a rough sheen on her

molest a sex crime lawyer

i dont know *when* the last time that filter was changed

i like music that makes you wonder if the drummer has cerebral palsy

don't like the way that's working out to work out/turning out to turn out

title: A Jew I Knew

tannings for tannins

before performing cover of old song, eg beatles, ramble in a strange intermittently wide eyed but sleepy scholarly way about "reivisioning the past"

clythomania for cyclothymia

laissez blas (for blase?)

that dude's mad crazy

in honor of justin trudeau's birthday, here's a song about a latin american dictator

I was an and am a ...

why would I want grass-fed butter? grass tastes like shit

rosewald curse for cobweb rose

this cover is dedicated to Owen, a fruity man who planted the seed of this idea inside me some years ago

morsel's: serve burger wrapped in newspaper

kids in africa swallow water baloons to feel full

go to bed from 5 to 9

noveltous

cover shadilay

digital animal: millipede with a tiny birthday hat on

fingral manipulation

i hear thunder in the distants

in a world where men are strong

fungalus

benjermin